Stop
Dear, Dad, you are finally here.
These two bad guys bully mommy
Come and help
I have a new grounding.
You're finished.
Brother Song
After divorcing me, you can't do it either.
This is your new best friend, a stinky brick bearer
Oh, no.
I went to the construction site market today and forgot to change my clothes in a hurry.
What happened to the bricklayer?
There is no shame in making money with your own hands
First the duck, then the brick mover
You're pretty good at finding people, aren't you?
kid
Which construction site master are you in a good mood today?
Kneel down and lick my shoes
I will introduce you to a few construction sites to move bricks
Mr. Feng
Let's not understand the words of these two rubbish
Let's go inside.
Hey wait
Brother Song, how dare you call me trash?
You forgot who you are
What does my identity have to do with you?
Get out of the way
I'll show this brat
The bed photo of you and that duck, Chen Jiannian
And you like you
You still don't know who your father is, do you?
I'll tell you what.
It's a duck that has slept with countless women
You don't know how many there are out there
What about half brothers?
Hahaha
Since a filthy mouth cannot utter decent language
I'll knock you out.
Well played your dog daddy
How dare you hit someone in front of me?
Brother, hurry up and let you consume
Kneel down and apologize to Brother Memorial
Otherwise, I won't let you get out of Sea City
It's Cheng Jinnian's mouth that is evil
Mr. Feng's punch was just right
If you dare to say that again in the future
I won't be polite either.
And me, I won't be polite
Brother Jiannian, don't worry.
How dare they do this to us?
I will not let them go.
Go and check the current situation of Brother Song Ren for me.